Can you hear us?
Give a thumbs up or a heart or something
in there so I know that you're here.
Yes.
Sorry I'm coming on so late. You all,
the Lord asked me to do this.
I was out praying already for the nation
today and driving around as I was
praying against these ICE
protests and stuff in our area, and
I was just driving around, just praying, and
all of a sudden, a rain started to fall
on them as they were protesting,
acting
ugly out there with all
their ugly signs.
The
rain started falling down and it washed
it out and they were running. So, glory
to God.
How many people are here? I'm
going to start really praying.
500? Okay. Well, glory to God, I got
500 of you. That's all we need.
The Lord put it on my heart. He said,
'Brandon, I want you to
come on.'And he said,
'If you do this just for a couple of
minutes...'I
saw sympathizers again rising up
tonight.
And the vision when I was driving around
praying over these ICE protests today,
I was going up
and down the street and I was just
praying because we had people
doing stupid stuff. And
he said, 'If you just go on there and
pray...'I
saw a group of men,
these people that are lone wolf men.
I saw lone wolf people. He says
as the nights
start
to get dark in
America, these people are
going to try to come out. He
said it's been quiet all day. He
said, 'This is the time to
pray,'praying
over the
firework
celebrations, people gathering. I
saw again, driving around today, I saw
mass shootings, mass casualty shootings.
And he said, 'Pray against this.'And I
saw it was on like a WhatsApp, some kind
of app. They were communicating,
but they were
in fear. Some of these men were in fear.
They were
trying to talk to each other to be
motivated to carry out an event.
And there was one man that was the
leader.
And I could hear him on there trying to
get them to have courage,
saying
'death to the infidels, death to America,
death to Israel,'and trying to raise up
courage in these men to carry out these
events.
And so the Lord told me, 'Come
against this.'And as we do, it's like
pinpricking a membrane. And I saw like
a balloon that was full of a liquid. And
he said, 'Pinprick that membrane,
Brandon, and deflate that, for
this is a time right now that the enemy
would try to rise up to be great
distractions against the nation and
cause harm and
havoc.'He
showed me a great jubilee period of a
wealth of the sinner laid up for the
righteous. And I keep seeing this wealth
transfer as I'm praying. He said,
'Pay
attention to me as the big
BBB, the big beautiful bill was signed
today, as things are signed.'He said,
'A great financial momentum like a
rocket ship will take off if you are
listening to what the spirit of the Lord
is telling you to do in these last
days.'He
said, 'This is the window.
This is what I told you. I'm giving you
a window of opportunity and this will
be like a shot in the
arm.'Like,
I hate to use... it's not a vaccination
because
I'm anti-vaccination, but I'm saying
like something
to stimulate. Thank you, son,
I appreciate that.
It's going to be
adrenaline
on
steroids.
There you go, I'm
trying
here,
y'all.
It's live, but
that's what I saw. It was
like an adrenaline rush, but I saw it
as
for a window. There are plans in the
future,
great distractions in the future. And I
keep telling you all to pray over these
things that I'm bringing to you on a
day-to-day basis,
to pray over these things: over the
plague, a major plague,
when I saw the black horse riding, these
things coming;
weather warfare;
we see the volcano going off in
Japan. My son told me, 'Dad,
they had over 900 earthquakes in the
last couple of days.'900 earthquakes! I
didn't even know about it. Braden tells
me about these things. I'm like, 'That
is amazing, that's a lot. 900 is a
lot.'I
don't know if they're small ones;
obviously, they're just small ones,
there
wouldn't be really big ones. But the
Lord still shows me a major earthquake
splitting Japan, a major one.
And the Lord said, 'Pray
over these for the people's
safety.'You
know,
we're going to see earthquakes in
divers
places. We're going to see
these major events in the days
ahead because the Bible tells us we're
going to see it.
But
as a believer, we're protected. We're in
that shelter, in that place of the Most
High, abiding underneath the shadow of
the Almighty. And I believe he is our
refuge and our fortress, our God; in him
will we trust. It is not for the
believer to be in fear and be all
worried about what's coming and looking
after those things coming on the earth.
For it said, 'The powers of heaven
will be shaken. Men's hearts will fail
them for fear, looking after those things
coming on the earth,'right? But it's not
for us to be in fear. Why? Because we
are believing believers who have a
covenant with an almighty God who loves
them. And he is going to protect
his people
if we are staying vertical, if we're
staying and looking at his face and
saying, 'Father, where am I
supposed to be
today?'If
he says, 'Don't go,'don't go. Follow
the peace of God. And I've said that a
thousand times, and I'll continue to say
it: follow the word, follow the peace.
And if you follow the word, if
you're following the word and you're
following the peace, you're going to be
in the right place at the right time at
all times. So, that's what we're going
to pray today. And that the people in
these get-togethers... I saw, like I said,
this man was wearing a white shirt.
He was probably 185
pounds.
He has black hair, his
eyebrows were dark, and he had
semi-olive skin,
not real olive, but kind of
pale-looking white. I don't
know how to describe that in words, like
an olive-looking skin, but it's not
real olive, it's more white, but
there's pigment to him, more
pigment than not is what I'm trying
to say. And he was wearing, like I said, a
white shirt.
He was about
that weight. And he came
into
the crowd and he opened fire. And that's
what I was praying against all
afternoon, praying and interceding for
what I was seeing in these visions. And
I was like, 'Well, I don't want to
bother the people because they're with their
families.'But
the Lord said, 'Brandon,
if you just go on for just
30 minutes, an hour,
pray with the people, we'll deflate this
balloon.
You must use your
authority.'And,
you know,
he always tells me, 'Brandon, many
hands make light work. Where there
are
many hands, they make light
work.'So,
we pray over our
churches, we pray over the gatherings.
We'll just pray for just a
little bit here because I know you all want
to watch your fireworks shows, but the
Lord said to do this. So, okay,
we're just going to jump right into the
river, and you can go tubing with me.
Let's go tubing and
let's do what God's called us to do here,
do some work, and we're going to
stop these events that
are trying to rise up. And the Lord told
me, 'You must pray.'And so,
that's what we're here today to do,
okay? So, like I said, we'll just
pray for a minute, and you can be
with your families. So, Father, we just
lift up every single person in these
fireworks shows.
We say, 'Satan, you will not take lives,
innocent lives.
We will not have terrorist attacks. We
will not have lone wolf attacks upon
this nation from sea to shining
sea.'We
plead the blood of Jesus Christ over
every single person, over every
get-together, church function, wherever
it may be. We plead the blood of Jesus
over every single one of us.
We thank you, Lord, that we're always in
the right place at the right time. That
law enforcement is heightened today
more than ever, even going into the
fifth and the sixth over the weekend. We
pray over the Yankee Stadium. We
pray over the baseball and over all the
area where they're playing baseball.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that no
surprise hidden attacks, no lone wolf
experiences will come on this
nation in the name of Jesus. I plead the
blood. And I thank you, Lord, that you
have a plan for us, not to harm us but
to prosper us and have a great
future. And Father, I thank you, Lord,
that today we rise up with a backbone
like a crowbar, taking our authority over our
areas, Father, where we are at, over
Tulsa, over Dallas, over Fort Worth,
over Arlington, over Houston,
wherever you may be. Father, we use our
authority right now, Father, and we thank
you, Lord, that no weapon formed against
us is going to prosper. A thousand shall
fall at our side, 10,000 at our right
hand, but nothing shall come nigh us,
Lord, because your word says that you
sent your angels to keep charge over us,
and you said you would
bear us up
in
their hands, lest we dash our foot
against a stone. Father, I thank you,
Lord, for your angels that are
keeping charge over every
plot, every plant. We speak to the
demonic spirits, for we wrestle not
against flesh and blood. But Father, you
said that we wrestle against
principalities and powers and spiritual
wickedness in high places. Father, we
take authority over those
spirits trying to come against us,
Father, to try to harm us in any way. We
pray peace over this nation right now in
Jesus'name.
We call
covering over President Trump, over JD
Vance, over the children, over the
grandchildren. We pray over our
politicians, Father, over our law
enforcement,
over all of
Homeland Security, over the FBI. Give them
ideas, Father. Give them the
downloads from the Holy Spirit, Father,
that they would wake up even in the
midnight hour, and they would know,
'This is a warning. I'm supposed to
take this seriously. It's a
dream,'but
they may not even be saved. Father, I
thank you, Lord, that you're raising up
men and women in these positions to
take the baton and do what you've called
them to do, that we will have a nation
that is on fire for Jesus, that
we'll have a major revival. Father, all
this, Father, we call for the
revival across the land from sea to
shining sea, from all the way from the
Gulf all the way up to Canada. We call
forth a revival in Jesus'name. We call
forth a revival over this nation in Jesus'name.
You
said this would be
a
time of a birthing. Whenever I
told you I was praying over the
African-Americans
and the Lord said
he was bringing retribution for all the
slavery and all the things that were
taking place, and he said, 'I've not
forgotten you.'He said, 'I'm bringing
back retribution to
you.'And
he said, 'I'm going to restore back what
the cankerworm ate.'And I told you all
there's going to be supernatural
finances coming to the people. And then
I saw
a baby being born again. And I saw
Israel, and I saw a baby being born. And
this is what I believe with this
big BBB, the beautiful bill, and all
that's happening on this Fourth of July,
these things being signed. A new
industrial revolution is upon us. If you
go back to the visions and how they all
went about, the Lord said a new
industrial revolution, a financial
breakthrough with crypto, and
these things are going to start to take
place, Brandon. You're going to see the
foundation being laid in the days ahead.
And as it's being laid, you're going to
see things start to happen differently
than what we've ever seen before.
Just like it was with Benjamin Franklin.
And I saw Benjamin Franklin there with
the flag. And the Lord said,
'Out of electricity, look at all the
things that have come, out of AI, look
what all is about to come.'What the
devil means for bad, ladies and
gentlemen, God can turn it around for
good if you grab a hold of it and say, 'You
know what? I'm not going to grab the bad
side, but I'm going to use it for
good.'And
I'm telling you
all, there's good days for the body of
Christ if you just grab a hold of it.
It's not time to shrink back. It's time
to take the land for Jesus. He said he's
raising up Davids. He's raising up
Esters.
He's raising up a new
generation. Yeah, we're going to see
some of the elders start to go home, the
cycle of life. But he said, 'I'm raising
up new people of new voices that
you've never heard before that will
be the
ones.'Yesterday
he told me, he said,
'The harvest is plentiful and the
laborers are
few.'Brandon,
he said what he
meant
by that is pure hearts, people that
are in it for the right motives,
people that are hungry for me,
that are sold out,
that are desperate,
that crave him.
How bad do you crave the Father?
How bad do you want change?
And that's what he was talking to me
about as I drove around today. He was
like,
'Crave me like you crave
ice cream or you crave whatever. Crave
in a greater way. Crave the Holy Spirit.
Crave the things of
God.'Like
Pastor Chip was saying on Wednesday,
and it kept, he started talking to me
about it when I was driving around, just
stirring in me: 'Crave the things
of God. Crave a move of God. Crave
it.'And
there's a lot of people, like I said,
the Lord tells me, he said, 'Brandon, their
hearts are truly not in this. There's a
lot of lip service. There's a lot of
people saying yes, yes,
but their heart is saying no, no. They're
really not in this to win it. They're
not in it.'But that's why he said,
'Brandon, that's why I say the
harvest is plentiful and the laborers
are
few.'There's
a lot of people that say a lot,
but they don't do what they say.
Glory to God. I feel the Holy Ghost on
that.
It's time to get excited.
It's time to have an anticipation for
God to show up in your services.
It's time to have an anticipation
for God to show up in your life, even on
the street corners and in the grocery
stores, that God shows up and you lay
hands on the sick and you see them
recover.
'Well, I've never seen it
before,'but
we're in the last of the last days.
There's an urgency.
The Lord said, 'Brandon, there needs
to be an urgency.
Fan the people's flame. Tell them
there's an urgency.
There's an urgency. Jesus is coming.
It's time to look up, for our
redemption draws
nigh.'I'm
here on the mountaintops yelling,
telling you through the valleys. It's
time to wake up. Jesus is coming,
and he's doing one last call
for people to come to him before it's
too late. The ark door is closing, ladies
and gentlemen. But there's a great
harvest of souls that we're about to see
beyond anybody's comprehension.
So, Father, we thank you, Lord, right now
for that harvest. We thank you for this
great nation.
We thank you, Lord, for this great nation
today.
We thank you, Lord, that it's one
nation that's under God and that we will
see a major shaking to awaken. A major shaking to awaken.
Father,
we pray over that underwater volcano on
the
Oregon coastline.
I saw it right then. Whenever I said
that, when I said shaking to awaken, I
just instantaneously was in the spirit.
I saw the volcano going off
on
the Oregon coastline again. I saw it.
I'm telling you all, a major
eruption.
Major earthquakes.
We pray over our nation today. We pray
over our pastors. We pray over the
people to have a backbone like a
crowbar, that they wake up. They wake up
because they're running out of time.
They're running out of time.
Thank you, Lord. From coast to coast,
over these firework shows, over the
get-togethers right now as people are
assembling together. They're all coming
together and they're having this. Father,
I thank you, Lord, that people have
their heightened alert.
Y'all, I'm just going to pray in the
spirit right now. I feel to keep praying
in the spirit. Okay, so you can pray
with me. How many people are with me
here, son? 2,800. That's what
I saw in the spirit. That's good. Okay.
Everything I see. Father, if you show me
anything, I plead the blood over my
eyes. No familiar spirits, nothing is
going to
bother me. I thank you, Lord, that I
plead the blood. I
always take communion before I start
to see like that. Father, I cover
my ears and my eyes in the blood. And I
take this body right now in the name of
Jesus. I thank you, Lord, that you were
wounded for my transgressions. You were
bruised for my iniquities. The
chastisement of my peace is upon you.
And with your stripes, I'm healed. And I
thank you, Lord, that I hear your voice,
and a stranger's voice I'll not follow.
I cover my eyes. I cover my spiritual
eyes. I cover my ears, and I hear you,
Lord. And I thank you, Lord, that we'll
hear you clearly if you have anything to
show us in the name of Jesus. If not, we
just pray. Father, we thank you, Lord,
right now in Jesus name. I take the
body, and I thank you, Lord, for your
body. I make much of the blood, and I
apply it over my sins today. Anything I've
done wrong that I don't even know, Father,
cover it in grace and mercy. I thank you,
Lord, that your blood covers me.
I make much of the blood, and the blood
makes much of us. And we plead the blood
over our nation, over our law
enforcement. Father, we cover
them in the blood in the name of Jesus.
And we thank you, Lord, for the blood
right now that covers us. Thank you,
Lord, that we confess our sins. You're
faithful and just to forgive us of our
sins and cleanse us from all
unrighteousness.
Father, I give you all the glory, honor,
and praise for it in Jesus name.
Amen.
Now, I know I can jump more in that
river. I don't ever do it unless I
take communion.
Covering
me.
You don't want to be snared by stuff. And
I just anoint my head with oil.
It's important because you
don't want to be all flaky.
Father, we thank you, Lord.
I thank you, Lord. I apply the blood all
around this house. I apply the blood
around my children. I apply the blood
around my wife. I apply the blood over
our finances. We
apply the blood. Satan, you can't cross
the bloodline concerning our
neighborhoods, concerning our
households, concerning our
children, concerning us. We apply the
blood.
We make much of the blood.
Over our nation,
over every plot, every plan
of the wicked, we call it down in the
name of Jesus. We
break it down in the
name of Jesus. You'll not touch us.
You'll
not harm us. You'll not do
anything in the name of Jesus. We call
the
blood over this certain circumstance
in the name of Jesus.
For
we call
a
turnaround.
I keep seeing New York
right now. I keep seeing New York
flashing before me.
I see the Statue of Liberty.
I know where
I'm at.
Repair.
He's talking about a bomb right there.
He's
hiding
these cities.
I
see
Denver. I
Seattle, and He's highlighting
to me. I see
big boulders, and I see these
cities right now, and we're praying over
the cities: Denver,
Philadelphia, Chicago,
mercy.
Glory, glory. Father, we
rejoice.
And again I say rejoice, and rejoice in
the Lord. And again I say rejoice. We
rejoice. These things are coming
down.
I see Dallas right now. I see Dallas
again.
We pray over these cities, Father. We
pray over these cities. 'Well, you're
just calling out cities, Brand.'No, these
are cities that are strategic.
We must pray over these cities.
Over every child. Over the children.
He's talking about the sex trafficking
right now. The trafficking, the traffic
I've
seen.
They're coming up from
Mexico.
We call the fire of God on them today.
We call the fire of God. We call
breakthrough.
Today we
call
breakthrough.
Every
plot,
every plan, we're coming
against you today.
Every plot, every plan that
you have, we're coming against you.
You're not going to take our land.
Get their attention, Lord.
A great shaking to
awaken. Get their attention, Lord, that
a rebirthing of America, a great revival
once again, that you would visit this
land once again. Lord,
oh,
we call a stirring in
every pastor, every
evangelist, every teacher.
Oh,
the pastors, prophets, teachers,
evangelists, we call a stirring in them in
Jesus name. Father, you said you
wouldn't give new wine in old wine
skins.
So, we ask for the Holy Spirit to apply
that Holy Ghost oil all over them. Oh,
Father, making that pouch, all
that wine skin pliable. Oh,
you said, 'Can these
bones live?
Can these bones
live?'We
call resurrection of the bones.
Call resurrection of the dead.
We say come
up in the name of Jesus.
Get up in the name of Jesus. Can
these bones live?
We say they will live.
Can these bones live?
They can, Lord.
I said yes.
We speak to the dry bones.
They are
alive.
We call Holy Spirit revival, Holy Ghost
and fire revival from sea to shining
sea. Father, we
call a
rebirthing today,
a
fresh fire.
I see
250 before me. When
I said that, I saw 250
before me.
We call the people that are riding the
fence right now. I see people riding the
fence right now. You're lukewarm.
There's a lot of lukewarm.
The Lord says He'd rather you be hot or
cold, but if you're lukewarm, He'll spew
you out of His mouth. He says, 'Stir
yourself up.
Come up out of
that.'Riding
on the fence.
There's more compromise in you than there
is Word.
I hear Him say
it.
There's more compromise in you than
there is Word. You're
a great
compromiser.
It's time to repent and come home. He
said it's time to repent and come
home.
Today's the day of salvation for
you
today. Don't hesitate anymore to shake off
all that compromise out of your life and
say, 'I'm coming home, Father. I'm
coming
home.'A
stirring
inside of you.
What in the world do you want?
What in all of the world do you truly
want? There's nothing that brings you
peace. No matter how much money you get,
no matter how much fame you get, nothing
will bring you peace.
He is the Prince of Peace, and there's
nothing going to satisfy that itch.
You can get all the women
or men you want,
and
it's never going to
satisfy it.
Sleeping
with everybody like a cat in the
alley.
But God's calling you to live holy unto
Him.
He's calling you to come up higher with
Not living like a harlot. Not living
like the world. Come out of the world
and crave Him.
Come out of the world and come up
higher. It's time today that you come up
higher.
Leave those things and say, 'I'm sold out
to Jesus
today.'I'm
telling you, ladies and gentlemen,
we're running out of time.
You may be watching this broadcast.
You say, "What is that man doing out
there? This is all so
weird."You're
laughing at it, thinking it's crazy.
But I'm telling you, there's a
great shaking coming.
There's a great shaking coming
to this nation.
He said, "I don't want that any man
should perish, but all come to
repentance."And
he's got to get your
attention to let you know that you're
running out of time.
What you're about to see upon this
shore with earthquakes,
with super storms, with
signs in the heavens,
with the finances, with things
happening—this
is his last call.
You're going to see a great shaking that
will bring you to an awakening.
And what you will see in the heavens
will bring you to your knees.
Many people will repent in the days
ahead for what's about to happen.
It's time for you to come to Jesus.
You're running out of time.
You say, "Brandon, I don't believe
all that. I've heard that
before."No,
no, no. I'm trying to warn you as a
watchman on the
wall.
A great shaking's coming. But
this isn't just about America.
This is about a world harvest.
This is about a major harvest that's
coming upon the world,
warning the people one last time that
Jesus is coming.
Oh, hallelujah!
The king is coming.
The
king's
coming.
All these ideas of all this
stuff—we
have plans for our life to build our
kingdoms and people say, "Oh well, I've got to do
this. I've got all these plans."My plan is him.
I'm sold out to him.
Not my will, but yours be done. Lord,
whatever you have for me, Lord, I'm sold
out. We're hungry for you, Lord.
We need more of Jesus and less of us. We
already have
all we're going to have of Jesus, but
he needs more of us.
We need to be sold out more.
He's waiting at the door.
If you're here and you've never accepted
Jesus Christ as your Lord and personal
Savior, and you're saying, "This guy is
freaking me out,"I want to lead you in
the sinner's prayer right now.
People say, "I don't know what an altar
call is."I'm saying you're coming down
to the altar on this broadcast right
now. You're coming down
to the front of the church and
you're saying, "I'm all in. I need
Jesus
today."If
you're watching this and you
say, "I don't know. I know
I have a lot of unbelievers come over
here because of the psychics and
all kinds of people—everybody, they
come over and watch. They want to
know what's
coming."But
you're listening to familiar
spirits; I'm listening to the Holy
Spirit.
And that's why we hear what's coming. He
said he'll show us that which is to
come.
He wants to warn us. We're the news. We
put the other people out of business.
They come over here and say, "What's
coming?"It's
not that we want it to come; we
want to pray it away.
That's what our assignment is. We're
praying things away, not for them to happen.
We don't want this stuff. People
go, "Whoa, what? Nothing
happened."Well,
glory to God! That was why we
assembled together to pray. We don't
want this stuff to happen.
Our job is to pray. That's why I
say,
do you understand the power and the
authority of the believer, and who you
are and what you're called
to do to pray?
Do you expect results when you pray? Cuz
I do.
I expect him to hear me.
I have
a
relationship with him. And when he
says,
"Pray over this,"he's not saying, "Pray
over it so it'll happen."He's saying, "Pray
over this to stop
it."It's
not that you miss
it; it's that you
were successful in your prayers. We
shouldn't be shocked and awed when we get
our prayers answered,
going,
"Well, you know, sometimes
he does, sometimes he don't."No, I
believe God does all times, and I'm
going to keep standing on it and
believing it.
Does that make sense?
And people, they don't understand it.
"Well, I don't get
it."Well,
because you've not been taught. You've
been
brainwashed by religion.
You go into some lukewarm, dead church,
some pastor preaching some kind of
sermon, he doesn't have any idea what
he's talking about, and you go home
lukewarm after you went there instead of
getting your flame fanned and saying, "Hey, I
can go out and conquer and do
life
today."Why
are we wasting our time if it's
not stirring you up to
help you keep going, sharpening you? Iron
sharpens iron.
Well, the Lord said,
"Brandon,
get back on target here.
Accept Jesus Christ today.
Accept Jesus Christ today."I want you to
repeat this prayer after me. Say, "Jesus,
today is an independence day. Today
is
a new birthing for me today. America's
birth happened today. And today, on
the
4th of July, this is our
independence day. This is my day of
spiritual independence. This is
my
spiritual birthing, a birthday for
me,
too."Say,
"Jesus,
I believe you're the Son of God.
I believe you died and rose again on the
third day.
I believe you died for me."Make it
personal. "I believe you died for me
and I want to accept you as my Lord and
Savior.
I need you.
I need a savior. My life's a mess.
And as of today, from this day forward,
I'll turn my back on the world and
I turn my back on the devil, and I
follow you. I'm sold out to you.
I need you.
And today, on this Independence Day of
America, I hand myself
over to you, Lord.
I need you to change me.
I need you to cleanse me from all my
unrighteousness by your blood.
And I receive it by faith right now in
the name of
Jesus."Say
that: "I receive it. I receive what
you did for me, and I accept Jesus right
now as my Lord and Savior.
Write my name in that Lamb's Book of
Life.
Today, I'm
saved."Now,
that's not hard.
You just believe it. With the heart, confession
is
made unto salvation.
And today, you just said it with your
heart. It's not something all religious
where
you have to go and be like, "Oh,
God, forgive me."No: "God, I messed up.
I need you. I need a
savior.
I need
you."Now,
go find a
Bible-believing
church. Don't go into some lukewarm
place. "So
where's one of
those?"Well,
stick around.
We'll teach you the Word. We'll pray
with you. We'll teach you how to pray.
We'll do all the things that you
need to do, the fundamentals of
Christianity. Find a Bible, New King
James Version or King James or
whatever, and read that Bible
every single day.
Pray every single day. Tell the pastor,
if you find a good
Bible-believing
church, go there and say, "Hey, listen. I
need to be
water-baptized.
I got born again watching a broadcast on
YouTube, and I accepted Jesus,
and I want to be water-baptized."Go in
there and get water-baptized. Volunteer
at that church. Dedicate your life to
that church to help them out. "Hey, I'm
an usher.
I want to be a
doorkeeper,
whatever I can be—a
parking
lot attendant. Whatever I can do,
I want to help
out."Get
plugged in there. Go to church
on
Wednesday, Sunday, wherever they
have church. Go and be a part of it, and
that's the Christian walk.
And start sharing the gospel with other
people.
Tell everybody else that you know,
say, "I've been changed from the inside
out."And
the more you read this
Word, you're going to get changed from
the inside out. But you've got to get in
the Word. You can't be a one-and-done: "Well, you
know,
I said
the sinner's prayer and then I'm going
back into what I used to
do."No,
as of this day forward, I'm
following Jesus. And how do you follow
Jesus? Read what he said to do in his
Word. Start with
Ephesians,
and then read Hebrews, and read James,
and just go through them all and
renew your mind to it, and see what
he says about you. First Corinthians,
Corinthians. Yeah.
And that's what you're going to do.
And you come here and we'll pray with
you.
Tell us. But tell us down below. Say,
"Hey, I got saved today watching you.
Today I rededicated my life. Today
I'm watching this and I just gave my
heart to Jesus."Diana and I, if you
can't afford a Bible... You say, "Brandon,
I can't afford a Bible. I'm living
from paycheck to paycheck."Diana and I
will buy you a Bible. If you need
one and you can't afford one, we'll
send you one from Amazon. Now, that's
our ministry. We like doing that. We're
not asking anybody for help for that.
That's our personal thing. Diana and I
love to bless people with the Bible. It's
for new converts that come to Jesus;
we want to help them. So, I just want to
let you all know
that's our thing. We love that, and we
love to help people. We're not asking
for help, but we're telling you we
will help the people.
And so, how do you get a hold of us?
You email us. Our email is in the
description below, and just
put, "I can't afford a Bible,"and put your
address in there, and we'll never use it
ever again. It's just to
send you a Bible, right? And if you have
one that you understand better,
whether it's the Amplified or
whatever Living translation, let us
know. People get hung up on that kind of
stuff, and I'm saying, "Listen, the Word
will change you from the inside
out."Now,
I try to stick close to the King James
as much as I can and the New King James. But
sometimes it's like, "I don't
understand it. I'm a baby Christian, and
this is so weird. I don't
understand anything I'm reading."But find
something that you do.
At least you need to get something in
your eyes and meditate on the Word, and
let the Word change you. Don't get
all religious about stuff.
The Christian walk
is fun. We make it all religious
and
bind ourselves all up, and we
think, "Well, how can we get there
because
nobody's teaching us?"Everything
is
so full of condemnation and beating
you down, and
that's not what we're about here.
I try to tell you what the Holy Spirit
said to change you. It's time to get
real.
It's time to wake
up.
You're running out of time.
So, I'm back to praying now. But I felt
like I was supposed to do that before.
So, thank you for joining us today. I
don't know how many we
had—3,800
people on the Fourth of July. That's
amazing.
People are hungry.
I thought, "Well, if I only had
500 people show up and we pray for our
nation with 500 people, we can get the
job done."But we really smacked
the devil with 3,800.
He's like, "Ouch."Okay, let me
get a drink.
So, we're going to pray. Do y'all want to
continue to pray? How long has it been?
I told the Lord—He said, "If you dedicate
an hour."It's been 38 minutes.
It's getting dark, so most people are
going to start wanting to watch their
fireworks. The
Wi-Fi is
a little
patchy
sometimes.
Is it working at all, though? Yeah, it's
working.
Is it buffering? Buffering sometimes.
Father, we just thank you, Lord. Just
dipping in the river one more time here.
Is there anything you want to show us
anymore,
Father?
I see the ocean,
and I see one of those red buoys in the
middle of the ocean bobbing up and down
right now. So, I'm just keeping you
updated on what I just saw. I see the
ocean, and I see a buoy moving up and
down in the ocean.
There's something triggering
this underwater disturbance that's
causing this red
thing to bounce up and down. It has a
red light on it.
This is something.
It's what's happening underneath the
surface of the ocean.
It's
what's
going on.
I'm in
a
state.
Amen.
I see I'm down in Cuba again, and I see Cuba, and it's highlighted again. I don't know why
I keep seeing it. Father, I thank you, Lord, that you
give me revelation about this.
Why am I seeing Cuba,
Father?
Why do I keep seeing Cuba?
A great shaking is coming to the
Catholic Church. A great shaking is
coming to the Catholic Church. I'm
seeing the Pope again. I see
the Pope. He's highlighted to me again.
We
call revival in the Catholic Church
today. We call revival.
I
see a darkness.
Okay, so I
see him,
and then I see a darkness, and I see
little lights that are on
in there, but there's great darkness
over this area.
I don't know why I'm seeing
those
little lights, but it's a
little candlelight.
It's a little candlelight
in
a picture
window.
And I see old structures.
They're made out of stone.
I see two candles
for sure. I don't
know what that is.
Open the door.
Open
their eyes, Lord. Open their eyes
from
religious ways. From the religious ways,
open their eyes today.
Blinders coming off.
I'm seeing Canada. I see their
Prime
Minister—the
guy, the new guy. I see
his face. I don't know what this is
about right there, but it's connected to
Europe heavily. But
then I'm going into it and I'm praying
into the Catholic Church, and he's
standing out. And it's with the King,
and this man
from Canada,
and I see the Chancellor of
Germany.
And
now
I see. I see.
So, the Pope,
the man that's over Canada, and over
Macron, and then Germany, and the King
of England. I see
these men. What is
this?
I see war.
I see war around
Zelenskyy.
I see Ukraine. I see war.
I went into it, and I'm
seeing Kim Jong-un. He's on the
sidelines over here. He's like, as you say, on
the bench. He's
over here in the shadows
of all this. He's not in it like
these others are with the Pope and
these others. There's influence
here; there's something happening here.
But I see Kim out here.
They're at a table.
It's like they're trying to...
They don't want the United States in
this.
They're trying to have
their own front,
and the United States... I see Trump on the
outs.
Trump on the outs, and they're trying to
do their own thing.
Do you understand? In the days ahead,
Trump is out. He's over here, and he's
like a mouthpiece, but he's in his
office, and he's saying things, but
they're
doing their own thing.
They're over here,
and he's over here, but he still has
influence because they want him in the
mix.
But he's trying to be over here
out of the mix. And I see
Canada, I see these men in England, and
they're
devising a
plan: "How do we sustain this? How do we
sustain this?"Why would the Pope be
involved in that?
I see Germany.
How do we... I hear
them,
"Where do we go from here?
Where do we go from here?"They're
saying,
"Where do you go from here?"Devising a plan. "Where do we go from here?
Is
this
a
loss?"They
don't want to lose all of it, but
they see he's all in.
And they're talking about Putin.
Putin is all in.
He wants the whole land,
but they're trying to devise a plan: "How
do we keep this? How do we keep
what we have and not lose it
all the way?"They're devising a
plan. And then
they say,
"War, war."I hear,
"War,
war."The
economy of Canada is in trouble.
The economy of Canada is in trouble.
Certain places are worse than others.
I'm going, and I see each of them. I
don't understand that
they're all one country,
right? But it's like I see
lines, like what you
see
on there, and it goes
Quebec,
like British Columbia, and it
goes boop, boop, boop. I see certain
places
are worse than others in
their economy.
He's
trying to figure out a way to stimulate
the economy.
Stimulate trade deals to stimulate the
economy. Their economy is in trouble. A
great depression is within.
I don't like praying like this.
I'm seeing stuff. It
makes me jump.
Neighbors
are popping
fireworks. When
I'm looking over like this, pops
are
going off, and
it's
not funny. I'm like, 'Okay, because I'm seeing
stuff that's tripping me out a little
bit.'It
made me jump again because I'm seeing
war, and I'm hearing those things go off.
There's much more
here to pray about.
But he said, 'You gave me your hour,
Brandon.'I
told him I would, but Lord, I
am
always yours. I
will
always help you.
Nothing else matters, Father.
Glory to God each day. He said,
'Glory.'Oh
Lord, I love you.
Glory to God. Well, Lord, I'm here
if you still want to pray. I know
you said an hour, but I'll help
you, Lord.
Do
you want to show me more about this?
What's going on in Canada with this? I'll
help you.
It's amazing how he said, 'You
give me an hour,'and then it just cut
off. As
I can see in the vision,
he said, 'If
you just give me an hour, I'll work with
it today.'And I said, 'Lord, I'll do
it.'Then,
all of a sudden, it's
like he
said it.
He's such an honorable God.
He truly is amazing.
I'm all in, Lord. I'm all in,
Father.
He said,
'There it
is.'I
see it again. He said, 'Ten more minutes.'I'll do it.
Ten
more minutes.
You want
my
boy?
Okay, I'm back in Canada
again. I see him. He's desperate. This man is desperate. I see
desperation on his face.
This man is
sweating. Can you tell me this man's
name? He's a gray-headed man.
He's in Canada.
He's sweating. The economy of Canada is in
trouble.
He's faking it. Trying to tell us
they've
got it under control. He doesn't
have
it under control.
Is that him? Yeah, that's him. What's
his name? Mark.
Yep, thank you. His name is Mark.
He doesn't have it under control.
I see they're in great
trouble.
The barrels are rolling down out of
Canada, coming into America. The barrels
are rolling, and they're
breaking.
They're 50-gallon barrels, like
whiskey barrels, and they're rolling and
breaking.
He's trying to
build alliances with Europe. I see
alliances with Europe.
I see Macron. I see
other people. There's a
woman. There
are
trade agreements trying to help Canada.
But Canada is in trouble. Canada
is
financially in trouble.
I even see Chinese
agreements,
Asian people trying
to help him, trying to
trade, but Donald Trump is
standing like a pillar
with his back toward him,
looking over his shoulder.
Donald Trump has his back
turned,
looking at the man over his shoulder in
the vision,
like he turned his back on him but is looking at him,
kind of teasing.
You see? But he's stone cold in
the face.
Just business.
That's what he's doing in the
vision. I see him. That's what Donald Trump
is
doing right then.
They're saying, 'Well, we've got
oil.
And
we've got
lumber.'I
see
these things.
But what is this?
What's the reason for all this?
What are you showing us today, Father?
It's about the world economy.
New alliances are being born.
Old alliances are being brushed off.
I'm in Europe again.
I see
Switzerland.
the
French.
I see
Spain.
They're
trying to keep the
euro afloat.
These people are trying to
figure out how to devise a
financial
plan,
stirring things up. But it's all
centered around war.
I hear war. And
Zelenskyy
is the puppet.
He's a puppet.
This man is a
marionette. He's
tied to the strings, saying, 'Yes,
sir. Yes, sir.'He moves his hands,
moving down. I see
him moving his hands
over this area, and
he's doing exactly what he's been told
to do.
But what the Lord is upset about
is the people
dying on the battlefield. He says
innocent blood is being
shed for these men's greed and
lust. Innocent blood is being
shed—children,
young men. The Lord
is angry about this. I hear him
say
the young men are dying
because of the puppet
masters they try to play themselves to
be.
'This is what you're praying into,
son.'That's
what he says.
Men's blood is on the battlefield
all because of greed.
He
said it's on both sides.
Men are dying.
They wouldn't put their sons in the
middle of it. He says they wouldn't put
their daughters and sons in the
middle of this. He says
people's lives are in jeopardy.
This is what he's talking about. He's
upset about this.
There
are
young kids. There's a young little girl. I
see women.
People are dying.
Bombs are going off. People are getting
hurt. Men are on the battlefield.
I'm seeing women with brown
hair in a ponytail. People are passing
away as they're running,
trying to get out of harm's
way.
This is what the Lord is upset about,
because
he said these men are playing
puppets.
They're escalating.
There's an escalation trying to come,
a
provoking to bring more
people
and
lives into this.
That's what he's talking about.
Do you hear what
I'm telling you?
He says it's about an escalation trying
to come,
and he's upset about the lives being
lost. Just too many people, too much
innocent life, too many people dying.
Then he said, 'What are you going
to do about it?
You're going to
pray.'That's
our assignment.
The Lord said, 'The
racket of war
on Israel's side with Iran, and all
these
innocent lives in Gaza, all these
people
dying.'The
racket of war. That's what he says.
Would they put their son
on
the front lines
for what they're doing?
No,
but yet you'll put somebody else's.
What are you fighting for?
Why
not come to the table for peace?
Come to the table to
defuse
this. And they kick. They
don't want Trump in. And I see Trump over
here, and he's trying to have an
influence in it, but they're trying to
devise their own plan in Europe. How do
we do this without him?
We don't want his influence. We want war,
war, war.
That's what they're saying over here.
War, war, war. What they say is different
than what they're doing in their
hearts is what the Lord said.
Trump's really trying to stop it. I see
him over here. He's trying to stop it.
He's trying to defuse things.
Yeah, this happened over here, but he's
trying to defuse the Israel thing
by blowing up those things over there
and then say, "Listen, we're done. We
don't want any part of that. We want
peace.
We did what was required of us. Now we
want peace. Now we're standing over
here. Just leave us alone. We want peace
over here. We want prosperity. We want
wealth. We want peace."But there's
people who are
heck-bent
on having war.
But why is the Pope in the middle of
that? That's why I don't understand
that. That's very interesting because I see
him again,
and he's standing over here, and it's
like he's trying to be the referee, like
it's Europe, it's a Catholic thing. I don't
understand
because
I'm not Catholic.
Hallelujah.
Well, that's my ten minutes.
Well, glory to God.
Hallelujah. Thank you all for joining me
today.
I know we have much more to pray
about
because right when I started
to
see that, I saw Taiwan over there, and I
saw
China and Taiwan,
and instantaneously they were over here, and
they were faded back as I was turning
my eyes in the spirit. I could see
China and Taiwan, and Taiwan was standing
off
to
their
side again, and
the
racket of war.
My goodness.
Hallelujah.
Father, let's just praise Him for what
we did today. Let's just praise Him.
There's a covering over our nation.
There's much more to pray about
concerning Europe and Canada and all
this, and we'll be back again.
Do you all enjoy doing this with me
live like this?
I know there's some of you that are
probably new. If this is your first time
being here,
click a thumbs up or something. We're
curious about who's here
for the first time praying with us.
We want to do this more. We feel called
to pray together because many hands make
light work, and we appreciate
everybody on the Fourth of
July. I know you're with your family, but
it was on the heart of the Father to
pray together as a family today. And I
know you'll go out and watch your
fireworks now. I just want to tell you
we love you.
Yes,
thank you for praying with us. I believe
we made great progress in this hour and
ten
minutes that we had this video.
Subscribe so you don't miss the
next one.
Yeah, subscribe. I like to set a
schedule, but it's hard for me to set
a schedule because I go with the river,
and I don't control it.
He does. And when He wants to talk, He
talks. That's why I pray around
the car, and all of a sudden, I turn
the corner and I'll go around the
road, you know, I'll be driving, and all
of a sudden, boom,
and that intercession hits me and I start
crying
out, and it's just praying.
I go, "Well, we got to pray for a little
bit."And
it's like this. I was passing
a
Walmart just a little bit ago, and this
hit me, and He said, "Go home and pray
for one hour for Me."I said, "Okay,
we'll do it. We'll do it,
Father.""Yes,
sir, we'll do
it."We're
victorious. We're believing
believers that are victorious.
You're never going to get fear. But the
bobbing of this is a major earthquake
fixing to take place in Japan. That was
what I was going to tell
you all. I didn't tell you, but that
bobbing of that thing in the sea,
there's major disruptions
coming—even
a greater disruption in the
Ring of Fire.
And I saw the bobbing of that, which means
the water is rising—a tsunami.
A
tsunami is what the Lord was warning us
about tonight, a major tsunami. I
saw major waves, and that buoy thing was
riding those waves, and the Lord said
there's a disruption of a great earthquake
in that water.
So,
well, God bless you all. Thank you for
joining me tonight. I really do
appreciate it. Remember, we'll be back
again soon, and I pray that blessed
you.
I know there's
a lot of people going, "Hey, you didn't
tell me."Well, I didn't know.
I didn't know. I'm just being obedient.
But God is so good, and we're so
thankful for every single one of you.
Thank you for those little love gifts
you do. You all don't have to do
that. We don't do this prayer because... we
do this prayer
because the Lord asked us to, but
when you give, that
is
humbling. I want to say thank you for
all your love gifts,
but that is not necessary. I
want you to pray. I want you to be a
part of it. And I just want to
say thank you. But I do want to say
thank you.
It's very kind of every single one of
you that do that.
Yeah,
thank you so much. It's such a blessing.
It is a blessing. It's like, "Wow,
a lot of people are
kind."They
want to love on you. But
I'm called to pray.
I'm called to pray, and I thank you for
praying with me. I really do. I
believe we accomplished a lot in the
spirit realm tonight.
Praying for the trafficking—I saw
kids being trafficked, and I was over
Mexico again. There is still trafficking
going on, and we come against
that
spirit. These
people are sick, messing with these
little kids.
It's like, what's wrong with
you
all?
They're just full of the devil,
messing with little kids.
It's sick.
Well, God bless you all. Remember, we
always say this, today and always, Diana and I, we say,
"Put a smile on your face and a song in
your heart. Jesus loves you so much, and
we
love you."God bless you all, and we
will see you again soon. Happy Fourth of
July, ladies and gentlemen.
God bless America. "God bless
America,
land that I love. Stand beside her and
guide her
with the light..."249 years old today.
249 years old. It's becoming old.
God bless you all. Bye-bye.
Happy Fourth. Bye.